Yusei: NOW LET'S GET UP TO SPEED
WITH YU-GI-OH 5D'S.
Luna: SO IT LOOKS LIKE YOUR NEXT
OPPONENT IN THE GRAND PRIX
IS TEAM RAGNAROK.
RIGHT, LET'S SEE WHAT WE CAN
PULL UP ON THESE GUYS.
HM, THERE'S DRAGAN, BRODER AND
THEN THEIR CAPTAIN, HALLDOR.
AND TOGETHER THEY'RE SAID TO BE
THE MOST SKILLED DUEL TEAM
IN THE WORLD.
SO WHAT'S THE PLAN?
TO WIN.
BECAUSE IF WE DON'T
ADVANCE PAST THEM
WE DON'T MAKE THE FINALS AND WE
CAN'T FACE THE THREE EMPERORS.
Jack: CHECK IT OUT.
WHAT IS THAT THING?
Halldor: WHATEVER IT IS,
IT'S INTRIGUING TO KNOW
WE'RE NOT THE ONLY ONES
WHO CAN SEE IT.
Yusei: IT'S TEAM RAGNAROK.
WHAT'S WITH THEIR EYES?
I DON'T KNOW, JACK.
BUT SOMETHING'S HAPPENING THAT'S
ACTIVATING OUR MARKS.
Halldor: THE SAFETY OF OUR WORLD
HANGS IN THE BALANCE.
Yusei: HANGS IN THE BALANCE?
I BELIEVE THIS OBJECT HAS A
CONNECTION WITH THE DUELISTS
WHO HAVE FORMED TEAM NEW WORLD.
[GASP]
Halldor: TEAM NEW WORLD
MUST BE DEFEATED.
AND THAT IS OUR MISSION.
THE MISSION OF THE DUELISTS
WITH THE RUNE EYES.
LISTEN, GUYS, WE WANNA
TAKE THEM DOWN, TOO.
WE SHOULD ALL
JUST WORK TOGETHER.
SORRY, BUT I'M AFRAID
THE THREE NORDIC GOD CARDS
DON'T BELIEVE YOU'RE AN ALLY
WORTH HAVING, YUSEI.
JUST FORGET ABOUT
THESE THREE BOZOS, YUSEI.
IT'S NOT LIKE WE NEED
THEIR HELP ANYHOW.
AH, JACK, I SEE YOUR DIVA
ATTITUDE HASN'T CHANGED.
MY WHAT?
YOU HEARD ME.
YOU'RE SO ARROGANT, I'LL BET YOU
STILL THINK YOU REALLY WON
BACK WHEN WE DUELED.
YOU'RE OFF YOUR ROCKER.
OUR DUEL WAS A SETUP.
[GROWLS]
RRR...
THEN IT'S SETTLED.
TOMORROW WE DUEL TO SETTLE
THINGS BETWEEN JACK AND DRAGAN.
BUT EVEN MORE IMPORTANTLY,
TO SEE WHICH OF OUR TEAMS
GETS TO ADVANCE
TO THE GRAND PRIX FINALS.
[♪...]
Man: ♪ GOING FAST
MAKES ME FEEL ALIVE ♪
♪ MY HEART BEATS
IN HYPER DRIVE ♪
♪ DO YOU THINK YOU CAN WIN? ♪
♪ ONLY IF I LOSE ♪
♪ JUST LET DESTINY CHOOSE ♪
♪ I CAN HEAR YOU BREATHIN' ♪
♪ I CAN SEE YOU COMIN' ♪
♪ I CAN FEEL THE WIND ♪
♪ IT'S BLOWIN' ME AROUND ♪
♪ TAKE A SHOT AT ME,
RUNNIN' SIDE BY SIDE ♪
♪ IT'S A BLUR
AS I GO BY ♪
♪ I CAN HEAR YOU BREATHIN' ♪
♪ I CAN SEE YOU COMIN' ♪
♪ I CAN FEEL THE WIND ♪
♪ IT'S BLOWIN' ME AROUND ♪
♪ SEE THE SUN A-RISIN' ♪
♪ FIRE IN THE SKY ♪
♪ GREATNESS THRUSTS ITSELF
INTO OUR LIVES ♪
[SUSTAINED CHORD FADES]
Lazar: COME ON, GET THERE.
OOH, YEAH, THAT'S IT.
[GASP] EEK!
DON'T YOU KNOCK?
I'M VERY BUSY HERE.
[MUMBLES NERVOUSLY]
I WANT YOU TO TELL ME
RIGHT NOW, LAZAR.
IS IT TRUE WHAT HE SAID?
HE WHO?
DRAGAN FROM TEAM RAGNAROK.
HE SAID YOU PAID HIM TO THROW
THE MATCH BACK WHEN WE DUELED.
HE SAID THE WHOLE THING
WAS SET UP.
WELL, OF COURSE IT WAS.
[GASP]
ER, I MEAN, OF COURSE
IT WAS A LIE.
WHAT HE SAID.
QUIT PLAYING GAMES, RUNT.
[LAZAR WHIMPERS]
Jack: YOU DID PAY HIM,
DIDN'T YOU?
TELL ME WHY.
WHY? OH, I WISH I COULD
HELP YOU OUT, JACK.
BUT YOU SEE, IT WAS SUCH A LONG
TIME AGO, AND AT MY AGE...
Jack: I SEE.
SO YOU DON'T REMEMBER.
[WHIMPERS]
WELL, MAYBE I CAN
JOG YOUR MEMORY.
EH, NO NEED FOR THAT.
SOMEHOW IT ALL JUST
CAME BACK TO ME.
HERE'S THE THING, JACK.
BACK WHEN YOU FACED DRAGAN, YOU
WERE A BIG TURBO DUELING STAR
AND DIRECTOR GOODWIN WANTED TO
KEEP IT THAT WAY.
AFTER ALL, A BIG NAME
DRAWS A BIG CROWD
AND A BIG CROWD DRAWS BIG CASH.
UH!
SEE, JACK
YOU DEFEATED ME BECAUSE
YOU WERE A PRODUCT
THAT MADE GOODWIN MONEY,
AND HE WANTED TO KEEP MAKING IT.
AW, DON'T TAKE IT
PERSONALLY, JACK.
IT'S SHOWBIZ.
I MEAN, YOU WERE STILL
A VERY GOOD DUELIST.
JUST MAYBE NOT, OOH, QUITE AS
GOOD AS YOU THOUGHT YOU WERE.
[DOOR HUMS CLOSED]
WHEW, THAT'S RIGHT.
AND STAY OUT.
I CAN'T BELIEVE IT'S TRUE.
I CAN'T BELIEVE GOODWIN PAID
DRAGAN TO THROW THAT MATCH.
YEAH, WELL WHEN IT COMES TO
THAT SNAKE GOODWIN
I CAN BELIEVE
PRETTY MUCH ANYTHING.
I JUST WORRY ABOUT JACK.
THIS CAN'T BE TOO EASY FOR HIM.
NO JOKE, YOU GUYS, SO MAYBE
WE SHOULD ALL JUST DROP IT.
WHAT DO YOU SAY, YUSEI?
YEAH.
Bruno: HEY.
YOU GOTTA CHECK THIS OUT.
Luna: WAIT, IS THAT...?
YEP, IT'S JACK'S MOVIE.
YOU KNOW, ABOUT
HIS RISE TO THE TOP.
I HEARD JACK DUELED DRAGAN
BACK IN THE DAY
AND I THOUGHT WE COULD WATCH IT
TO PREP UP.
[BOTH SIGH]
UH, WHAT'S WRONG?
IT'S A LONG STORY.
SAVE IT...
FOR AFTER THE MOVIE, HEH.
MM.
Jack: I CAN'T BELIEVE DRAGAN
WAS TELLING THE TRUTH.
Dragan: LOSING ON PURPOSE WAS
AGAINST EVERY INSTINCT I HAD
AS A DUELIST.
I HAD TO ACCEPT MY INSTRUCTIONS
AND THROW THE MATCH.
YOUR MOVES WERE PATHETIC.
I SAW A MYRIAD OF WAYS
TO TAKE YOU DOWN.
Jack: I WAS NEVER
A DUELING CHAMP.
I WAS A CHUMP.
AND I ALWAYS WILL BE.
Bruno: SHH, JACK'S
MOVIE'S PLAYING.
Hah, I see that you've been
paralyzed with fear.
Well, don't be ashamed.
That's often the case
when a weak duelist like
yourself faces me.
I summon Garmr
of the Nordic Beasts.
Jack: My turn now.
First I summon forth Power
Breaker from my hand.
Next, my level-four Top Runner
will tune with that level-four
Power Breaker.
Behold, in an inferno
of power and might
a blazing new beast
is now forged.
I synchro summon
Red Dragon Archfiend.
[Roar]
Take heart, my little amateur
dueling friend
Red Dragon Archfiend and I
are about to put you
out of your misery.
Archfiend, attack!
Dragan: [PAINED]: Ahh...
TWENTY-TWO HUNDRED POINTS
OF DAMAGE IN ONE ATTACK?
M.C.: All jack has to do now
is connect with
a direct attack next turn
and he'll win this duel.
DID YOU SEE THAT?
AFTER GARMR OF THE NORDIC BEASTS
WAS DESTROYED
DRAGAN DIDN'T TRY ANY KIND OF
COUNTER ATTACK.
RIGHT, YET I REMEMBER HIM SAYING
THAT HE COULD HAVE EASILY BEATEN
JACK HAD HE NOT AGREED TO LOSE.
AND IF YOU NOTICED,
DRAGAN HAD A FACE-DOWN CARD OUT.
A FACE-DOWN CARD
THAT HE NEVER USED.
RIGHT, THE CARD
HE COULD'VE WON WITH.
[FOOTSTEPS APPROACH]
HUH?
All: HUH?
HEY, JACK.
[JACK GROANS WITH ANNOYANCE]
Jack: HM?
WHAT'S THAT DOWN THERE?
UH, THAT?
NO, IT'S NOTHING,
NOTHING AT ALL
SEE? IT'S GONE.
I HAVE NO IDEA WHAT YOU'RE
TALKING ABOUT.
UH, LOOK, JACK, IT'S NOTHING
TO WORRY ABOUT.
WHO CARES THAT SOME GUY
LET YOU WIN?
I MEAN, I'M SURE THAT KIND
OF THING HAPPENS ALL THE TIME.
AH?
WHAT ARE YOU SAYING?
THAT MY ENTIRE DUEL RECORD IS
BUILT ON LIES?
[LEO GROANS NERVOUSLY]
THAT ALL THE SKILLS
I THOUGHT I HAD
ARE REALLY JUST MAKE BELIEVE?
THAT'S I'M A GIANT FRAUD?
A BIG FAT PHONY FULL OF BALONEY?
WHOA, JACK
Jack: THAT'S IT,
I'M OUT OF HERE.
[GROANS] I DIDN'T MEAN THAT IT
HAPPENS TO HIM ALL THE TIME.
WASN'T IT CUTE HOW HE RHYMED
BALONEY WITH PHONY?
[CRICKETS CHIRPING]
Jack: HEY, YUSEI.
SORRY ABOUT BLOWING MY TOP.
THIS HAS JUST BEEN
REALLY HARD ON ME.
APOLOGIZE TO LEO FOR ME,
WOULD YOU?
OF COURSE, JACK.
HE KNOWS WHAT YOU'RE
GOING THROUGH.
DOES HE?
I'M NOT QUITE SURE I DO.
SEE, YUSEI, AS MUCH AS
I WANT TO BE MAD AT DRAGAN
THERE'S A PART OF ME THAT CAN'T
HELP FEELING SORRY FOR HIM
AND ALL THE AWFUL THINGS
HE HAD TO GO THROUGH.
LISTEN.
YOU CAN'T KEEP TORTURING
YOURSELF WITH THIS.
THERE'S NOTHING GOOD THAT CAN
COME OF IT, JACK.
MAYBE.
BUT MAYBE NOT.
THAT'S THE THING;
I DON'T KNOW WHAT TO THINK.
AM I AS GOOD A DUELIST AS I
THOUGHT I WAS ALL THESE YEARS?
SHOULD I BE ANGRY AT DRAGAN
OR JUST LET IT GO?
Yusei: THERE'S JUST ONE SOLUTION
TO YOUR PROBLEM, JACK
HUH?
AT TOMORROW'S TURBO DUEL
FACE DRAGAN WITH ALL OF THE
STRENGTH THAT YOU HAVE.
LET A DUEL SORT THIS OUT.
Jack: HM...
SO BE IT, YUSEI.
ONE WAY OR ANOTHER, TOMORROW
WILL PUT THIS ALL TO REST.
[FOOTSTEPS RETREAT DOWN STEPS]
[CROWD CHEERING]
Male M.C.:[OVER P.A.]: WELCOME,
LADIES AND GENTLEMEN
TO THE WORLD RACING GRAND PRIX
WHERE THE STAKES
HAVE NEVER BEEN SO HIGH.
[CROWD CHEERS]
AFTER ALL, THIS IS THE LAST
ROUND OF THE TOURNAMENT
BEFORE THE FINAL ROUND.
AND THERE, TEAM NEW WORLD
IS WAITING.
BUT THEY WON'T BE
WAITING FOR LONG.
TEAM 5D'S IS REVVED UP AND READY
TO GO FULL THROTTLE
AGAINST THEIR ADVERSARY
OF THE DAY: TEAM RAGNAROK.
CAN THEY KEEP THEIR COOL WITH
THEIR POLARIZING PROFICIENCIES
AND SNOWBALL THEIR WAY
TO A VICTORY?
OH, SWEET WINDS OF DESTINY,
I BEG YOU.
PLEASE, OH PLEASE, LET JACK
WIN THIS BATTLE.
BECAUSE IF HE DOESN'T,
THERE'S A VERY GOOD CHANCE
THAT HE'S GOING TO BATTLE ME.
AND I LOOK SO MUCH BETTER
IN ONE PIECE.
OH, AHEM.
[CLEARS THROAT]
WHAT I MEANT TO SAY WAS
YOU DESERVE TO WIN, JACK.
TO RIGHT A TERRIBLE WRONG
YOU WERE DEALT.
YEAH, THAT'S IT.
Broder: THE TIME
HAS FINALLY COME, DRAGAN
FOR REDEMPTION.
Dragan: BRODER, HALLDOR, THANKS.
IF IT WASN'T FOR YOU TWO
I DON'T THINK I WOULD HAVE
EVER RECOVERED
AFTER I THREW THAT MATCH
WITH JACK.
BUT YOU BOTH HELPED ME
CARRY ON...
WITH MY DUELING, WITH MY LIFE.
SO WHATEVER HAPPENS TODAY
I'M JUST THANKFUL TO BE
A PART OF TEAM RAGNAROK.
I'LL TELL YOU WHAT'S GOING TO
HAPPEN, DRAGAN.
YOU'RE GOING TO SHOW JACK
AND ALL THE WORLD
WHAT SHOULD'VE HAPPENED
ALL THOSE YEARS BACK.
AND AS A RESULT OF THAT
WE'LL WIN OUR WAY
TO THE FINAL MATCH.
[CHEERING]
M.C.: AND OUR FIRST TWO DUELISTS
HAVE MADE THEIR WAY
TO THE STARTING LINE.
DRAGAN AND JACK!
GO, JACK.
WE'RE ROOTING FOR YOU.
ARE YOU SURE HE'S
GONNA BE OK OUT THERE?
YEAH.
Female Computer Voice:
DUEL MODE ENGAGED.
Dragan: ALL RIGHT, JACK
IT'S TIME THAT WE SETTLE THIS
ONCE AND FOR ALL.
Jack: YOU KNOW WHAT, DRAGAN?
I DON'T THINK I COULD'VE SAID IT
ANY BETTER MYSELF.
[COMPUTER BEEPS RHYTHMICALLY...]
Jack: [THINKING]: TIME TO SEE
HOW GOOD I REALLY AM.
Yusei: HERE WE GO
[ELECTRONIC BELL RINGS]
[ENGINES ACCELERATE]
TEAM 5D'S TAKES THE LEAD!
WHOA, JACK ISN'T
WASTING ANY TIME.
THAT'S A PRETTY GOOD TOP SPEED
YOU'VE GOT
FOR YOUR RUNNER THERE.
BUT MINE'S EVEN FASTER.
WAY TO GO, DRAGAN.
IT SEEMS YOU'RE GAINING ON ME.
JUST ONE THING, THOUGH.
THAT WASN'T MY TOP SPEED.
THIS IS.
M.C.: JACK HAS ROUNDED
THE CORNER FIRST.
YEAH, IT'S JACK'S MOVE.
GO TIME!
[BOTH GASP]
Jack: IMPOSSIBLE...
THE CARDS I DREW
Dragan: THEY'RE THE SAME AS WHEN
JACK AND I DUELED BEFORE.
IT'S AS IF
FATE HAS STEPPED IN.
Dragan: I DON'T UNDERSTAND.
HOW CAN THIS BE?
THE CARDS I DREW...
THEY'RE THE SAME AS WHAT I DREW
IN MY FIRST MATCH WITH JACK.
Jack: IT CAN ONLY
MEAN ONE THING.
NOT ONLY DO DRAGAN AND I
WANT THIS SETTLED
BUT A FORCE BIGGER THAN US
WANTS IT SETTLED AS WELL.
Jack: MY DRAW.
IT'S THE SAME AGAIN.
THEN THERE'S NO DOUBT.
WE'RE BEING THRUST INTO THE
SAME DUEL SITUATION
WE WERE LAST TIME
TO SEE WHAT SHOULD HAVE
REALLY HAPPENED.
SO LET'S GET TO IT.
I SUMMON TOP RUNNER!
[CHIMES SOUND LIQUIDLY]
Computer: WHEN TOP RUNNER'S
SPECIAL ABILITY IS ACTIVATED
YOU CAN INCREASE
THE ATTACK POINTS
OF ALL YOUR SYNCHRO MONSTERS
BY 600.
TOP RUNNER?
SO IT'S NOT JUST ME.
Jack: I THEN END MY TURN
WITH TWO FACE-DOWNS.
IT'S YOUR MOVE NOW, DRAGAN.
EVERYTHING'S THE SAME AS BEFORE.
SO LET'S SEE IF YOU REALLY HAVE
WHAT IT TAKES TO WIN
OR IF YOU'RE JUST ALL TALK
AND SIMPLY A SORE LOSER.
Dragan: I AM A SORE LOSER.
BECAUSE I NEVER SHOULD HAVE
LOST IN THE FIRST PLACE.
NOW TO SET THINGS RIGHT.
IT'S MY DRAW.
HM, I SUMMON GARMR
OF THE NORDIC BEASTS.
[CHIMES SOUND LIQUIDLY]
[ROARS]
THIS FIRST FACE-OFF...
IT'S THE SAME AS BEFORE.
WHOA, I GUESS HISTORY
REALLY DOES REPEAT ITSELF.
NEXT I'LL THROW A FACE-DOWN.
[CHIMES SOUND LIQUIDLY]
YOUR TURN, JACK.
Jack: INDEED IT IS.
AND THIS TURN...
[COMPUTER BEEPS]
...WILL BE A POWERFUL ONE.
I SUMMON POWER BREAKER.
NOW, LEVEL-FOUR TOP RUNNER,
TUNE YOUR STRENGTH
WITH LEVEL-FOUR POWER BREAKER.
BEHOLD, IN AN INFERNO
OF POWER AND MIGHT
A BLAZING NEW BEAST
IS NOW FORGED.
BEHOLD, THE RED
DRAGON ARCHFIEND!
[BEAST ROARS]
I CAN'T BELIEVE IT.
JACK ATLAS HAS UNLEASHED
HIS ULTIMATE MONSTER
IN A MERE TWO TURNS.
Both: AH...
THE QUESTION IS...
CAN HE FINISH DRAGAN OFF
LIKE HE DID LAST TIME,
OR WILL DRAGAN FEND HIM OFF?
GUESS WE'LL FIND OUT.
I SURE HOPE JACK
KNOWS WHAT HE'S DOING HERE.
AT LAST, IT'S TIME
FOR SOME PAYBACK.
ALL RIGHT, DRAGAN.
THIS IS WHAT YOU WANTED, RIGHT?
WE'RE BACK TO
THE EXACT POINT WE WERE
RIGHT BEFORE YOU
THREW OUR MATCH.
IF YOU DON'T LOSE THE MATCH,
YOU DON'T GET THE MONEY.
AND YOU DON'T
HELP YOUR FATHER.
Dragan: [GRUNTS WITH STRESS]
Jack: AND NOW, DRAGAN, I'M GOING
TO DO THE EXACT SAME THING.
RED DRAGON, ATTACK GARMR
OF THE NORDIC BEASTS.
GO ABSOLUTE POWER FORCE!
I PLAY MY FACE-DOWN.
THE TRAP NORDIC
RELIC BRISINGAMEN!
WHOA.
WONDER WHAT IT DOES?
A PIECE OF JEWELRY?
THAT'S WHAT YOU'VE BEEN WAITING
TO PLAY FOR ALL OF THESE YEARS?
OH, NO, JACK, IT'S NOT JUST
SOME PIECE OF JEWELRY.
IT'S ONE WITH
A VERY SPECIAL ABILITY.
AN ABILITY THAT CHANGES
THE ATTACK POINTS
OF ONE OF MY MONSTERS TO MATCH
THAT OF ONE OF YOURS.
AND THE MONSTER
I'M CHOOSING TO MATCH
IS YOUR RED DRAGON ARCHFIEND.
OH, NO, SO NOW DRAGAN'S MONSTER
IS AS STRONG AS JACK'S.
Dragan: BUT THERE'S MORE.
SINCE GARMR HAS BEEN POWERED UP
BY THIS EFFECT
IF HE DESTROYS
ONE OF YOUR MONSTERS
YOU TAKE DAMAGE EQUAL TO THAT
MONSTER'S ATTACK POINTS.
I WHAT?
BUT THAT MEANS
IF DRAGAN DESTROYS
RED DRAGON ARCHFIEND
JACK IS GONNA TAKE
3000 POINTS OF DAMAGE.
Crow: I GUESS THAT DRAGAN
WASN'T JUST A SORE LOSER.
Jack: WELL PLAYED, DRAGAN.
I'M IMPRESSED.
BUT YOUR LITTLE STRATEGY
WON'T MEAN A THING
IF YOU CAN'T FOLLOW THROUGH
ON YOUR NEXT TURN.
AND I DON'T PLAN TO LET YOU.
I PLAY A TRAP.
REACTION SUMMON.
SO NOW, BECAUSE YOUR MONSTER'S
ATTACK POINTS CHANGED
I'M ALLOWED TO SUMMON A
LEVEL-FOUR OR BELOW MONSTER
FROM MY GRAVEYARD.
AND THE MONSTER I SUMMON
IS TOP RUNNER.
AND NOW I ACTIVATE
ITS SPECIAL ABILITY
WHICH GIVES MY RED DRAGON
ARCHFIEND A POWER BOOST.
[BEAST ROARS]
WHOA, 3600 ATTACK POINTS?
YEAH, NOW JACK'S GOT
THE STRONGER MONSTER.
GO, RED DRAGON ARCHFIEND.
ATTACK WITH ABSOLUTE
POWER FORCE.
[FLAMES WHOOSH]
[GLASS SHATTERS]
AH.
ALL RIGHT.
THAT'LL TEACH HIM TO TAKE ON
DRAGON ARCHFIEND.
NOW, DRAGAN, PERHAPS YOU SEE
OUR FIRST MATCH
WOULD HAVE ENDED PRECISELY
AS THIS ONE DID.
[DRAGAN CHUCKLES]
Dragan: OH, BUT, JACK,
HEH, HEH, HEH
THE MATCH HASN'T ENDED YET.
I ALWAYS KNEW FULL WELL THAT
GARMR WOULD BE DESTROYED.
IT WAS THE KEY TO
THE NEXT PHASE OF MY PLAN.
Jack: PLAN?
THAT'S RIGHT.
YOU SEE, JACK,
SINCE GARMR HAS PERISHED
I'M NOW ALLOWED
TO SUMMON THIS MONSTER
DIRECTLY FROM MY HAND
TO THE FIELD.
NOW, RISE, TANNGNJOSTR
OF THE NORDIC BEASTS
IN DEFENSE MODE.
[CHIMES SOUND LIQUIDLY]
[BEAST ROARS]
Dragan: AT LAST, JACK,
THE REAL BATTLE BEGINS.
ALL THIS TIME I THOUGHT THAT
TRAP WAS DRAGAN'S WHOLE PLAN.
HE NEVER EVEN
SAW IT COMING.
I'M NOT SURPRISED.
JACK'S PART OF TEAM 5D'S
AND THEY AREN'T
THE BRIGHTEST OF BULBS.
INDEED... IF THEY WERE, THEY'D
BE RUNNING FOR COVER RIGHT NOW.
TOP RUNNER, ATTACK TANNGNJOSTR
OF THE NORDIC BEASTS
WITH ALL YOUR MIGHT.
[HIT LANDS]
[BEAST GROWLS]
HUH?
WHY DID JACK ATTACK WHEN HE KNEW
HE COULDN'T WIN?
SO THAT HE COULD
PROTECT TOP RUNNER.
REMEMBER, LUNA, DRAGON
ARCHFIEND'S ABILITY
DESTROYS ANY MONSTER ON JACK'S
FIELD THAT HASN'T ATTACKED
BY THE TURN'S END PHASE.
OH, OH, YEAH.
Jack: I NOW PLACE ONE CARD
FACE-DOWN AND END MY TURN.
MY DRAW.
FIRST I SWITCH TANNGNJOSTR
OF THE NORDIC BEASTS
FROM DEFENSE MODE
TO ATTACK MODE.
[ROAR]
AND WITH THIS SWITCH TO OFFENSE
COMES AN OFFENSIVE
REINFORCEMENT.
I CAN NOW SUMMON ANOTHER NORDIC
BEAST FROM MY DECK TO THE FIELD.
I'M CHOOSING
THIS FEROCIOUS BRUTE:
TANNGRISNIR OF
THE NORDIC BEASTS.
AND NEXT, SINCE YOU HAVE A
SYNCHRO MONSTER ON YOUR FIELD
I'M ALLOWED TO SUMMON
THIS CARD FROM MY HAND:
THE TUNER MONSTER,
GULDFAXE OF THE NORDIC BEASTS.
NOT A TUNER MONSTER!
OH, NO.
HE'S SETTING THE STAGE TO SUMMON
THOR, LORD OF THE AESIR.
Bruno: OF COURSE
THAT'S WHY THE REACT SUMMON
TRAP DRAGAN USED
WAS SO IMPORTANT.
IT SET OFF A CHAIN OF EVENTS
THAT MADE THE CONDITIONS PERFECT
FOR HIS ULTIMATE BEAST.
Dragan: NOW, WITHOUT FURTHER ADO
LEVEL-FOUR GULLFAXI
TUNE WITH
LEVEL-THREE TANNGRISNIR
AND LEVEL-THREE TANNGNJOSTR.
BEHOLD AS THE NORDIC GLACIERS
OF OLD GIVE WAY
AND FROM THE DEEPEST
CHASMS OF ICE
AN ANCIENT AND POWERFUL
HERO EMERGES.
A HERO WHO WIELDS THE QUAKING
POWER OF A POUNDING AVALANCHE.
BEHOLD THE ULTIMATE,
THE SUPREME
THOR, LORD OF THE AESIR.
[CRACKLING, RUMBLING SOUNDS]
THERE HE IS,
DRAGAN'S ULTIMATE MONSTER!
THE MIGHTY THOR,
LORD OF THE AESIR!
I'M SO EXCITED
I CAN HARDLY STAND IT.
WHOA, OR STAND UP!
Crowd: OH...
WHAT'S THE SCOOP
ON THIS MONSTER?
BESIDES BEING MONSTROUS,
I DON'T KNOW.
I'VE HEARD OF THIS CARD BEFORE
BUT I NEVER THOUGHT THAT IT
REALLY EXISTED.
THIS CARD...
IT CHANGES EVERYTHING.
Jack: SO, ONE OF THE THREE
NORDIC GODS
HAS FINALLY APPEARED.
HOWEVER, YOUR ACE MONSTER
HAS JUST 3500 ATTACK POINTS.
AND AS YOU RECALL,
DUE TO TOP RUNNER'S ABILITY
MY RED DRAGON
ARCHFIEND HAS 3600.
THESE NUMBERS ADD UP TO
JUST ONE THING;
MY MONSTER'S STILL
KING OF THE HILL.
WELL HE'S ABOUT TO BE
KNOCKED OFF IT.
I ACTIVATE THOR'S
SPECIAL ABILITY.
WITH IT, ONCE PER TURN
I CAN NEGATE THE SPECIAL ABILITY
OF ONE OF YOUR MONSTERS
AND THEN USE THAT SPECIAL
ABILITY FOR MYSELF.
OR I SHOULD SAY, FOR THOR,
LORD OF THE AESIR.
Jack: WHAT?
AND THE ABILITY I CHOOSE
TO NEGATE AND TAKE
IS TOP RUNNER'S.
MEANING THAT NOW, THOR, LORD OF
THE AESIR'S ATTACK POINTS
ARE BOOSTED BY 600.
[LOUD WHOOSHING SOUND]
[THUNDER CRASHES]
WHOA, 4100 ATTACK POINTS.
WHAT A CRUEL TWIST OF FATE.
JACK KEPT TOP RUNNER
SO THAT HE COULD KEEP
RED DRAGON ARCHFIEND STRONG.
BUT NOW TOP RUNNER
IS WHAT WILL DO ARCHFIEND IN.
NOT JUST ARCHFIEND.
JACK TOO, AND ALL OF TEAM 5D'S.
I'VE BEEN WAITING FOR THIS
MOMENT, JACK.
EVER SINCE I LET YOU WIN OUR
FIRST MATCH ALL THOSE YEARS AGO.
AND NOW THE MOMENT IS HERE.
THOR, LORD OF THE AESIR,
ATTACK RED DRAGON ARCHFIEND!
GO POLARIZING POUND!
[ROAR]
[GLASS SHATTERS]
Jack: AHH... AHH, AHH!
M.C.: OH MY WORD!
JACK'S ULTIMATE MONSTER
HAS BEEN MASHED.
AND ALL IT TOOK
WAS A SINGLE SWIPE
FROM THAT SUPER POWERED
HAMMER SWINGER.
AND I'M NEXT!
UGH...
FIGHT, JACK.
YES, IT'S TRUE
THAT THOR IS STRONG.
NOW YOU BE STRONGER.
HM, LOOK AT HIM.
HE'S DONE FOR.
THERE'S NO QUESTION NOW, JACK.
THE DUELIST YOU THOUGHT YOU WERE
WAS NOTHING BUT A GREAT BIG LIE
CREATED BY GOODWIN.
[CHUCKLES] THE TRUTH HURTS,
DOESN'T IT?
WELL DON'T WORRY.
THOR IS ABOUT TO PUT YOU
OUT OF YOUR MISERY
FOR GOOD.